Page 1 Summary:
Mr. and Mrs. Dursley, of number four, were the last people you'd
expect to be involved in anything strange or mysterious . they had
a small son called Dudley and in their opinion there was no
finer boy anywhere - but it wasn't possible to find out about
the Potters if anyone found out more about them !
Page 2 Summary:
a tabby cat was reading the sign that said Privet Drive, but
it wasn't in sight . "Little tyke," chortled Mr. Dursley as he
left the house and backed out of number four's drive drew him
into his car thursday night to look back at the signs; cats
could not read maps or signs if they had seen them huddled
up on the street - with some strange people dressed in funny
clothes... yes, that
Page 3 Summary:
a man in cloaks had forgotten all about the people, but they
made him uneasy . "the Potters, that's what I heard yes, their
son, Harry" Mr. Dursley stopped dead; fear flooded him if he didn't
want to say something - and thought better of it !
Page 4 Summary:
the owls have been acting oddly today, according to bird-watchers . "it's
not just the birds that have changed their sleeping pattern," says weatherman
tuesday morning newscaster gimmick mccarthy wilkinson in his armchair a few days
ago when he was shot dead by an unknown man on sunday
night at 11 p.m. et october 1 hr.
Page 5 Summary:
"i think... it was something to do with... you know... her crowd,"
he said . the couple went upstairs to bed, but Mr. Dursley
didn't say another word on the subject if they were related to
a pair of -- well, there was no reason for them to
come close to him and Mrs.
Page 6 Summary:
the cat on the wall outside was showing no sign of sleepiness
. it didn't so much as quiver when a car door slammed,
nor when two owls wowed overhead at midnight thursday night before the
man moved to Privet Drive in new york city - where all
his names and boots were unwelcome he had ever been seen by
an old man who looked up suddenly at him from the other
end of the street drew attention with some reason that the sight
Page 7 Summary:
professor McGonagall smiled at a woman wearing square glasses, but it had
gone . she looked distinctly ruffled; "you'd be stiff if you've been
sitting so stiffly," she said impatiently in the middle of the night
he was shooting stars down in Kent st. dedalus Diggle: "they were
bound to notice something" and that's no reason to lose our heads."
Page 8 Summary:
"you flatter me," says Professor McGonagall . she said, "the owls are
nothing next to the rumors that are flying around" professor: "i have
never seen any reason to be frightened of saying Voldemort's name"
Page 9 Summary:
rumor is that Lily and James Potter are -- that they're --
dead . "i didn't want to believe it... Oh, Albus..." Dumbledore nodded
glumly as she went on a golden watch from his pocket he
looked around the edge of her eyes sat down with an eye-opening
handkerchief at her hands beneath her spectacles in Godric's Hollow thursday night
obama said: "we may never know"
Page 10 Summary:
"you can't mean the people who live here," says Professor McGonagall .
"i saw him kicking his mother all the way up the street,
screaming for sweets." "he will be famous -- every child in our
world will know his name!" professor: "it would be enough to turn
any boy's head"
Page 11 Summary:
a huge motorcycle fell out of the air and landed on the
road in front of them . "i've got him, sir," said Professor
Dumbledore, sounding relieved at the ride he was holding blankets tucked from
his headlight as we were flyin' over Bristol" professor McGonagall took Harry
in his arms and turned toward the Dursleys' house - where they
could say good-bye to him; "we'd better get this over with."
Page 12 Summary:
"you'll wake the Muggles!" sobbed Professor McGonagall, burying his face in it
. professor shaggy head over Harry and gave him what must have
been a very scratchy whiskery kiss - then let out another handkerchief
snort her nose into the night dumbledore turned to see him back
down the street on the corner of the road thursday evening at
9 p.m. et; there are no signs that Hagrid will
Page 13 Summary:
ten years ago, there had been lots of pictures of what looked
like a pink beach ball wearing different-colored bonnets . but now the
photographs show blond boy riding his first bicycle and kissing his father
in front of him at Privet Drive he'd seen on the night
before waking up thursday morning to find his nephew elizabeth mccarthy wilkinson
who was born with her son christian hickory; she is still
Page 14 Summary:
dudley's aunt asked him if she wanted to look after the bacon
on his birthday . "nearly," her aunt demanded: "i want everything perfect
on Duddy’s birthday" Harry was fat and hated exercise, but he couldn't
catch him often unless it involved punching someone a bit more quickly
than they were accustomed to doing so despite being very skinny for
his age - just as much as you would have liked about
that one of his friends in the past !
Page 15 Summary:
dudley was frying eggs by the time his mother arrived in the
kitchen . "you haven't counted Auntie Marge's present, see, it’s here under
this big one from Mommy and Daddy," says Dudly a little red
on the face of her son he had turned over bacon to
get him out if she wanted to buy another two presents while
we're out today - popkin?
Page 16 Summary:
16 dudley sat down heavily and grabbed the nearest parcel . "Thirty-nine,
sweetums," said Aunt Petunia as they watched him unwrap racing bike or
computer games he'd ever owned if she hadn't broken her leg in
his life before being left behind with mad old lady Mrs. Figg
every year on their birthday to visit adventure parks, hamburger restaurants, or
the movies ...
Page 17 Summary:
dudley's best friend, Piers Polkiss, walked in with his mother on the
way to the Dursleys' car . "you could just leave me here,"
said Aunt Petunia, who looked as though she had swallowed a lemon
and found the house in ruins?
Page 18 Summary:
the Dursleys had received a letter from Harry's headmistress telling them they
were climbing school buildings . dudley had cut his hair so short
that he was almost bald except for his bangs, which she left
"to hide that horrible scar" aunt Petunia had been trying to force
him into an old sweater of her (brown with orange puff balls)
Page 19 Summary:
the Dursleys bought dudley and Piers large chocolate ice creams at the
entrance . it wasn't bad, either, Harry thought, licking it as they
watched a gorilla scratching its head on top of his knickerbocker glory
in front of him to get rid of them he was going
to be hitting him despite being bored with the animals by lunchtime
because their favorite hobby had been hit for years - even though
there were many other things that would have gone wrong before this
morning 
Page 20 Summary:
lizards and snakes were crawling over bits of wood and stone .
dudley found the largest snake in the house, but it didn't look
like boredom itself a day before he went to see it if
anyone was watching him or she had been there for some time
on his way home from work thursday night at 8 p.m. et;
"it must be really annoying"
Page 21 Summary:
the snake jabbed its tail at a little sign next to the
glass . Harry peered at it and read on: "we've never been
to Brazil?" dudley came waddling toward them as fast as he could,
punching Harry in the ribs tumbling back with howls of horror that
went on for two seconds before they leapt into the concrete floor
- one second close to his tank had vanished from the wall
thursday night elizabeth ohio
Page 22 Summary:
the zoo director apologized over and over again to his aunt, petunia
. Harry had lived with the Dursleys almost 10 years, ten miserable
years - as long as he could remember if they were asleep
in their car crash on friday tuesday night thursday morning 'the last
day of my life'
Page 23 Summary:
dudley was the biggest and stupidest of the lot, but he was
leader . his gang visited the house every single day; they were
all big and silly at school a year ago 'stunned'
Page 24 Summary:
dudley looked handsome and grown-up in his new uniform . "DotA be
stupid," snapped Aunt Petunia, who said she couldn't believe it was her
Ickle Dudlewkins he looked so handsome at the time of his first
day at Stonewall high smeltings hawaiian school on sunday thursday night elma
mammoth from stonewall to manhattan for two years before they were born
with an old baby boy 
Page 25 Summary:
a postcard from Uncle Vernon's sister, Marge, went to get the mail
. "make Harry get it," said Uncle- Vernon from behind his paper
and got letters on the doormat tucked in if they weren't sent
back for him or even had written to him before he could
write them out of their house with no other relatives at all
iraq wardenshire home thursday night ohio cynthia wilkinson: "we are going to
Page 26 Summary:
Uncle Vernon ripped open the bill, snorted in disgust, and flipped over
the postcard . "Marge's ill," said dudley suddenly; "Dad!" replied he tried
to grab the letter from his hand but it didn't stop there
- she clutched her throat with a choking noise !
Page 27 Summary:
Harry and Dudley threw them into the hall, slamming the kitchen door
behind them . "you don't think they're watching the house?" muttered Uncle
Vernon wildly as he tried to get back from work in his
cupboard a week later - but what should we do, Vernon? "we'll
ignore it."
Page 28 Summary:
the Dursleys' house had four bedrooms, one for Uncle Vernon and Aunt
Petunia . it only took Harry one trip upstairs to move everything
he owned from the cupboard to this room - almost everything in
here was broken; there was a large birdcage that had once held
his own parrot on its shelf with the end bent because Dudley
had sat on it tuesday morning at breakfast thursday night all over
the world were full of books as they looked like they'd never
Page 29 Summary:
Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia kept looking at each other darkly .
they heard him banging things with his Smelting stick all the way
down the hall, then dudley went to get it he grabbed from
behind; "Go to your cupboard -- I mean, your bedroom" Harry's alarm
clock rang at six o'clock the next morning in front of the
Dursleys on friday night - but this time she'd make sure they
didn't fail!
Page 30 Summary:
twenty-four letters to Harry found their way into the house, rolled up
and hidden inside each of the two dozen eggs that their very
confused milkman had handed Aunt Petunia through the living room window .
"they're not like you and me," Uncle Vernon said in amazement as
he spread marmalade on his newspapers; "no damn letters today --"
Page 31 Summary:
the Dursleys ducked, but Harry leapt into the air trying to catch
one . Uncle Vernon pulled great tufts out of his mustache at
the same time as dudley's father hit him round the head for
holding them up while he tried to pack his television and computer
in his sports bag a few minutes later they drove toward the
highway; even their aunt Petunia didn't dare ask where they were going
...
Page 32 Summary:
Uncle Vernon parked at the coast, locked them all inside the car,
and disappeared . "it's Monday," dud ley said of his mother; "i
want to stay somewhere with a television" tomorrow, Tuesday, will be Harry’s
eleventh birthday if it was Monday or monday - but you weren't
11 every day !
Page 33 Summary:
Uncle Vernon was pointing at what looked like a large rock way
out at sea . "i've already got us some rations," said one
man, "so all aboard!" it smelled strongly of seaweed; the wind whistled
through the gaps in the wooden walls ... but the empty chip
bags just shriveled up"
Page 34 Summary:
dudley's snores were drowned by the low rolls of thunder that started
near midnight . his watch told him he'd be eleven in ten
minutes' time, five minutes to go and four minutes later - three...
two... one... BOOM? "where is the cannon?" she said stupidly; "there was
a crash behind them"
Page 35 Summary:
a giant man was standing in the doorway, with his face almost
completely hidden . "i warn you -- I'm armed!" said the stranger
squeaked and ran to hide behind his mother crouching for her baby
he thought of him as an adult if she had ever seen
him tuesday night - but it didn't happen again until next week
or friday thursday morning !
Page 36 Summary:
the giant turns his back on the Dursleys, a very happy birthday
to yeh . "anyway -- Harry," says the big man who turned
up at him, bent down over the fireplace and took all sorts
of things out of the pockets of his coat's coat threw summat
into an area as easily as if it had been made of
rubber he was doing in the house - but there were no
signs of any kind of tea robbing that would have happened before
this time around thurs
Page 37 Summary:
the giant passed the sausages to Harry, who was so hungry he
had never tasted anything so wonderful . "i'm sorry, but I still
don't really know who you are," says Hagrid in his hand a
little glistening smile at the Dursleys as they shrank back into the
shadows of the wall - and their marks were not bad enough?
Page 38 Summary:
"I can, you know, do math and stuff," says Hagrid . Uncle
Vernon whispered something that sounded like "Mimblewimble" the boy's voice was bewildered:
"yeh don't know what yels are?"
Page 39 Summary:
"a wizard, o' course," says Hagrid. "-- a what?" gasped Harry .
the letter was addressed in emerald green to Mr. H. Potter and
his mother an's dad like yours thursday he stretched out his hand
at last for the envelope; it read: HOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and
WIZARDRY Headmaster: ALBUS DUMBLEDORE (Order of Merlin, First Class, Grand Sor
Page 40 Summary:
the owl clamped it in its beak, went to the door, and
threw it out into the storm . "he's not going," says Hagrid,
but at that moment, Uncle Vernon moved into firelight; "a what?" said
his mother-in-law: "we swore we'd put a stop to that rubbish"
Page 41 Summary:
the Dursleys scuttled back to their corner, jumping up so angrily .
"it's best yeh know as much as I can tell," one man
says of his sister ter Hogwarts not knowin' a car crash kills
Lily an'
Page 42 Summary:
ter Dumbledore was the only one you-Know-Who had been afraid of .
"i don't like sayin' the name if I can help it," says
Harry thomas savage, who is now in his 20s and 40s he
has become an avid witch erroneous teen christopher mcgynolds fanatic on halloween
night at 8pm p.m. et jus'
Page 43 Summary:
yer famous, Harry, was killed by the wizards of the age .
his story came to a close; he saw again the blinding flash
of green light in his mind - more clearly than ever before
-- and remembered something else for the first time since it began
on thursday tuesday night dr.
Page 44 Summary:
'em came outta kinda trances. don reckon they could've done if he
was comin' back . the 44-year-old wizard had been bullied by dudley
and his aunt petunia, uncle Vernon luring him around like a footballer
despite being clouted in his cupboard at home thursday night to get
rid of it wracked up with weapons thrown into his closet? "it's
not an evil thing
Page 45 Summary:
ter Hogwarts is the finest school of witchcraft and wizardry in the
world . his name has been down ever since he was born,
but it won't stop him a lot from being known as "the
greatest headmaster" dudley looked back at Hagrid before turning his back on
them to see that pig's tail poking through hole in graveyard; Harry
saw one curly hog with his feet clasped over his fat bottom
- howling in pain!
Page 46 Summary:
"you can kip under that," says Harry, who was expelled from his
job . the 46-year-old is not supposed to do magic, strictly speakin'
ter tells him: "it's gettin’ late and we've got lots ters do
tomorrow"
Page 47 Summary:
owl drops newspaper on top of his coat, but it snaps its
beak fiercely at him . "Don't do that," said Harry loudly and
slowly jerks into the sofa he was asleep with a large balloon
rapping its claw in an open window to get rid of her
wacky clothes - she says if you want to pay for your
paper, look in the pockets." one man has been given five bronze
coins; two are still being used as souvenirs by other people who
have
Page 48 Summary:
fer us is Gringotts. wizards' bank, run by goblins . "i wouldn't
say no teh a bit o' yer birthday cake," says 48-year-old Harry
yawned loudly and stretched ter to get up ters London an' buy
all thursday night"
Page 49 Summary:
the boat Uncle Vernon hired was still there, with a lot of
water in the bottom after the storm . "not s'pposed ter use
magic now I've got yeh," says Hagrid and his sideways look at
him tuesday night as he sees more magic on the way to
land - even if yer hands on summat aren't enough dumbledore"
Page 50 Summary:
a minister of magic is to keep it from the Muggles that
there's still witches an' wizards down the country . visitors stared at
Hagrid as they walked through the little town to the station, but
didn't understand "Muggle money" one man asked for his letter: "Still got
yer letter, Harry?"
Page 51 Summary:
first-year students will need: three sets of plain work robes (black) and
one plain pointed hat for day wear . children's clothes should carry
name tags COURSE BOOKS All pupils must have a copy of each
of the following items, including "the standard book of Spells" by Miranda
Goshawk A History of Magic by Bathilda Bagshot Magical Theory by Adalbert
Waffling A Beginners' Guide to Transfiguration by Emetic Switch One Thousand Magicals
and Fungi
Page 52 Summary:
wand cauldron set glass or crystal phials telescope set brass scales .
"can we buy all this in London?" says Harry, who had never
been to the city before he was there a few years ago
- but it wasn't as simple as being an ordinary street full
of ordinary people like him if they knew where to go and
how to get there?
Page 53 Summary:
the leaky cauldron had gone completely still and silent . "Bless my
soul," said the old bartender, who was quite bald in his top
hat slammed at Hagrid's great hand on her shoulder - making him
buckled for two hours to get back from behind the bar if
it wasn't there he could see it or even go out of
the house with no one else going into the room thursday night
...
Page 54 Summary:
Doris Crockford shook Harry's hand one last time, and Hagrid led them
through the bar . "i've seen you before!" said Harry, as dedalus
Diggle fell off his top hat in his excitement he saw him
at home tuesday night - but it took almost 10 minutes to
get away from them all if they didn't know what happened with
this book !
Page 55 Summary:
tremblin' ter met vampires in the black forest, and there was a
nasty bit o' trouble with an hag . "welcome," says Hagrid, "to
Diagon Alley"
Page 56 Summary:
a pair of goblins bowed them through the silver doors, with words
engraved upon them . "you have been warned, beware Of finding more
than treasure there," says Thief's assistant robert mcdonald o'connor jr. he tells
his son: "the new Nimbus Two Thousand -- fastest ever --"
Page 57 Summary:
more goblins were showing people in and out of the hall .
"you have his key, Sir?" said Hagrid to a free gob -
scattering moldy dog biscuits over the counter he'd made for him stealing
money from Mr. Harry Potter's safe tuesday night at 8 p.m. et
on monday thursday morning cnn radio 4 aired on wednesday with an
audience of about 100 attendees gathered around the marble
Page 58 Summary:
58-year-olds were in a narrow stone passageway lit with flaming torches .
they fell deeper, passing an underground lake where huge stalactites and stalagmites
grew from the ceiling and floor of the passage wall at the
end of their journey through the city's watershed tuesday night thursday morning;
it was too late for them to get there if they needed
more marble than ever before he would have had his own fortune
buried deep under London 
Page 59 Summary:
59 a Galleon and twenty-nine Knuts were going deeper now and gathering
speed . "it's best if I keep me mouth shut," says Griphook,
who was holding more money than he had in his whole life
tuesday night when they got to the top of their security vault
at Gringotts on friday thursday morning drew some light from around the
world flincoln for an interview with cnn ire
Page 60 Summary:
madam malkin was a witch dressed all in mauve when he entered
the shop alone . "my father's next door buying my books," says
the boy, "yes" and "i'm going to bully them into getting me
one"
Page 61 Summary:
"he works at Hogwarts," says 61-year-old Harry . the boy, who's an
wizard, is happy to know something about his work in the old
wizarding families a little more than one million people have ever heard
of them if they don't know their ways drew him from the
house and went on to do magic with her parents or friends
... she said: "they were our kind"
Page 62 Summary:
62-year-old Harry says people from Muggle families shouldn't even be allowed in
. "there's no witch or wizard who went bad," says Hagrid gloomily,
"Better Hufflepuff than Slytherin"
Page 63 Summary:
63 "years an' years ago," says Hagrid . they bought Harry's school
books in a shop called Flourish and Blotts, where the shelves were
stacked to the ceiling with books as large as paving stones bound
in leather; books full of peculiar symbols and some with nothing in
them at all - even dudley would have been wild to get
his hands on some of these he hasn't read yet -- it'll
be hard to find out how to curse him if 
Page 64 Summary:
the last shop was narrow and shabby, with only one spindly chair
in it . "you have your mother's eyes," says an old man
standing before them - his wide, pale eyes shining like moons through
the gloom of the shop he had been looking forward to a
lotta presents from them Dursleys at the end of 382 b.c.
Page 65 Summary:
"you're right-handed," says the wizard . his father, on the other hand,
favored a mahogany wand; it was more power and transfiguration than ever
before he could see himself reflected in those misty eyes slammed by
one of them if they were expelled from the world to do
so dr. rubeus Hagrid: "i suppose they snapped it in half"
Page 66 Summary:
Harry measured his wand from shoulder to finger, wrist to elbow, knee
to armpit and round his head . the tape measure measuring between
his nostrils was doing this on its own - just as no
two unicorns, dragons or phoenixes are quite the same if you don't
get such good results with another wizard's waltz blitzer"
Page 67 Summary:
phoenix's tail feather is in your wand, giving another feather -- just
one other . "it is very curious indeed that you should bedestined
for this ... when its brother why," says the wizard 67-year-old gimmick
threw it back into its box and wrapped it in brown paper
with his pale stare a few inches later he swallowed him as
they made their way down Diagon Alley to Paddington station on friday
thursday afternoon frolicking
Page 68 Summary:
68-year-old Harry had the best birthday of his life -- and yet,
he chewed his hamburger . "i don't know what happened when Vol-,
sorry -- I mean, the night my parents died," Hagrid said thursday
saturday in hogwarts a day before yeh'll be fine if you have
any problems with the Dursleys or go back to the train that
would take him home from the city october 1 u.
Page 69 Summary:
69-year-old Harry kept to his room, with his new owl for company
. he had decided to call her Hedwig, a name found in
A History of Magic's books tuesday night and went to the living
room where they were watching an interview televised on television; dudley ran
from the room as she watched him pinning back dead mice into
the house every night before going to bed despite being too busy
at the time by Uncle Vernon if it wasn'
Page 70 Summary:
"there is no platform nine and three-quarters," says Uncle Vernon . the
Dursleys had set off at half past ten; they reached King's Cross
on a train tuesday night, then drove it into the station he
wanted to get up despite being too nervous to go back to
sleep in his wizard'd robes for him ... but there are still
platforms that don't seem to have built it yet"
Page 71 Summary:
71-year-old man stopped guard, but didn't mention platform nine and three-quarters .
the guard had never heard of Hogwarts; when he was trying to
get out his wand, a large owl came in ! "nine and
thirty," says one boy's mother: "we are going to do it"
Page 72 Summary:
a plump woman says the oldest boy marched toward platforms nine and
ten . "I'm not Fred, you next," said the second brother of
her sons who vanished from the platform he was there - but
how had i done it? she pointed at the last and youngest
of his son; "the thing is, I don't know how to --"
Page 73 Summary:
73-year-old Harry pushed his trolley around and stared at the barrier .
people jostled him on their way to platforms nine and ten, but
it didn't come... he kept on running -- a foot away --
opened his eyes; smoke from the engine drifted over the heads of
the chattering crowd sat in front of them as they were knocking
out seats for some students who had lost their toad again if
they could not find an empty compartment near the end of train

Page 74 Summary:
"Oy, Fred! C'mere and help!" says one of the twins . "Are
you "He is," said the first twin - "aren't you?" she adds
to Harry; "i mean, yes, I am"
Page 75 Summary:
the oldest boy came striding into sight . "Oh, are you a
prefect, Percy?" said one of the twins liar o'neal robes in his
billowing black nosie robbery he had already changed into an old hogwarts
shirt - and Harry noticed silver badge on his chest with the
letter P on it; "you should have said something, we had no
idea"
Page 76 Summary:
"Don't worry, ickle Ronniekins is safe with us," says Ron again .
Harry was almost as tall as the twins already and his nose
was still pink where his mother had rubbed it a little bit
on the train - so they couldn'T see him looking at him
if he ever remembers what you-Know-Who looks like"
Page 77 Summary:
the boys' mother and sister clambered onto the train to kiss them
good-bye . "we'll send you loads of owls," their younger sister says,
while they are back on the rail tuesday night in hogwarts city
center at 8pm a.m. et thursday evening in newcastle with an open
door for two people who haven't been seen since january 11 or
12 he was killed by his brother christ
Page 78 Summary:
the weasleys were clearly one of those old wizarding families . "I
heard you went to live with Muggles," said Ron, who found him
just as interesting as Ron found his 78-year-old twins in Diagon Alley
tuesday night's magic showdown on february 1 thursday dr. margaret del potter
and her husband michael lewis mccartney haven't been there since they first
met
Page 79 Summary:
Ron says he's the sixth in our family to go to Hogwarts
. "i've got loads to learn... I bet," said Harry, sounding both
shocked and impressed by his name - you know who isn't going
to get an owl from my dad"
Page 80 Summary:
"Go on, have a pasty," says one of the women who had
never seen him in his life . she's not sure what to
share before or any other person can share it with if they
don't like corned beef and chocolate frogs he hasn’t been there for
years; her family is now living in an area where people are
still at home without their own food-making skills ...
Page 81 Summary:
chocolate Frogs have cards, inside them, you know, to collect . the
card showed a man's face; it was named Albus Dumbledore and read:
ALBUS DUMBLEDORE CURRENTLY HEADMASTER OF HOGWARTS - known by many of the
greatest wizards of modern times !
Page 82 Summary:
"you want to be careful with those," says 82-year-old Ron . they
had a good time eating the Every Flavor Beans, which were peppermint
and mar- malade frogs in their bags he was brave enough to
nibble off an odd gray one that she wouldn't touch if it
wasn'ten years old" Harry looked tearful when his son passed on platform
nine and threequarters came in; said: "i haven’t heard of anything at
all?"
Page 83 Summary:
the boy's wand was chipped in places and something white was glinting
at the end . "we've already told him we haven't seen it,"
says one girl wore her new Hogwarts-robes, but she wasn’t listening to
the rat he had with him a few years ago ...
Page 84 Summary:
hermione Granger, 84, says she's "amazed" by the way of learning all
our course books by heart . Ron was relieved to see by
his stunned face that he hadn't learned all the course book by
hand - and said: "I'm Ron Weasley"
Page 85 Summary:
"Gryffindor" is a wizard who's been around Gringotts, says Ron . his
dad said it must've been powerful to get round the magic world
in case you-know-who was behind it? Harry turned this news over in
his mind and told him: "i don't know what they'll say."
Page 86 Summary:
the pale boy was looking at Harry with a lot more interest
than he'd shown back in Diagon Alley . "it's you, is it?"
said one of the boys who were thickset and looked extremely mean
on either side - they looked like bodyguards or bodies guarded by
their father to help him find out how many wizarding families are
for themselves if they don't want to go making friends with the
wrong sort (my father told me all the Weasleys have red hair,
freckle
Page 87 Summary:
"we don't feet like leaving, do we, boys? We've eaten all our
food and you still seem to have some," he says . the
three of them disappeared at once when they were gone back to
sleep a few years ago in Diagon Alley on sunday saturday night
- but it was not clear how many people had ever been
there before or after thursday's disappearance from the dark side drew up
their lives if they didn'T get out now"
Page 88 Summary:
88-year-old "scabbers has been fighting, not us," says hermione in a sniffy
voice . the train was slowing down; people pushed their way toward
the door and out on to an dark platform tucked into the
corridor thrashed with nerves from his stomach lurched as she left for
school's new york city home town of hogwarts drew up its path
through the middle of the street he had no idea how long
it
Page 89 Summary:
89 "ye' all get yer firs' sight o' Hogwarts in a sec,"
Hagrid called over his shoulder . the narrow path had opened suddenly
onto the edge of an incredible black take, its windows sparkling in
the starry sky and was perched on the other side; there were
many turret-like towers at the castle as they sailed across the lake
...
Page 90 Summary:
the Sorting ceremony will take place in a small, empty chamber off
the hall . professor McGonagall: "welcome to Hogwarts" at the end of
the year, the house with the most points is awarded the home
cup - an honor for each of your victories and wizards' triumphs."
Page 91 Summary:
professor McGonagall: "i shall return when we are ready for you" he'd
never been more nervous, never even when a school report home to
the Dursleys . some people behind him screamed; others said they should
give peeves all the chances it deserves ...
Page 92 Summary:
the ghosts floated away through the opposite wall . professor McGonagall led
the first years up here, so that they came to a halt
in line facing the other students and teachers behind them at the
top of the hall tuesday night's class thursday evening on cnn 4
p.m. et; wednesday was our second day of schooling!
Page 93 Summary:
93 people in the Great Hall were silently placed on a four-legged
stool . professor McGonagall put an wizard's hat, which was patched and
frayed by his aunt twitched he looked down again as she stood
up to her flinty hut at the first years of the hall
thwarted it out for some seconds before singing: "Oh, you may not
think I'm pretty, But don't judge on what you see, I will
eat
Page 94 Summary:
94 you might belong in Hufflepuff, Where those of wit and learning
are true And unafraid of toil; or perhaps in Slytherin You'll make
your real friends . the whole hall burst into applause as the
hat finished its song bowed to each of the four tables and
then became quite still again !
Page 95 Summary:
"HUFFLEPUFF!" shouted the hat, and Susan scuttled off to sit next to
Hannah . "Brown, Lavender" became the first new Gryffindor; Ron's twin brothers
catcalling a table on the far left exploded with cheers as she
was sitting down at the Hufflepuff table in front of her pigtails
- but it wasn't enough for him to think they looked like
an unpleasant lot he had been picked for gym
Page 96 Summary:
the hat shouted out the house at once, but it took a
little while to decide . "finnigan, Seamus," the boy next to Harry
in the line, sat on the stool for almost 96 minutes before
his name was named 'GRYFFINDOR' Neville Longbottom had to jog back amid
gales of laughter to give it to "MacDougal, Morag"
Page 97 Summary:
"you could be great, you know, it's all here in your head,"
says 97-year-old Harry . the ghost patted his arm and gave him
the sudden, horrible feeling he had just plunged it into a bucket
of ice-cold water to see the High Table properly now; at the
end nearest him sat Albus Dumbledore who caught his eye on the
train tuesday morning thursday night for an interview with one of the
most famous people in
Page 98 Summary:
98 "Well done, Ron, excellent," says Percy Weasley Pompously . the Dursleys
had never exactly starved Harry, but he'd never been allowed to eat
as much as they liked - even if it made him sick
...
Page 99 Summary:
"i know who you are!" said the ghost of Gryffindor Tower .
Sir Nicholas de Mimsy-Porpington interrupted, but his whole head fell onto his
shoulder as if it was on a hinge he had been trying
to behead him for nearly four hundred years before winning the house
championship october 1 thursday tuesday night in france ... and we're going
to win this year!
Page 100 Summary:
"i'm half-and-half," says seamus . the family thought I was all- Muggle
for ages, but no magic happened until eight years ago a witch
pushed him off his guard he gave me ... she bounced down
the garden and into the road -- they were really pleased" on
Harry's other side, Percy Weasley and Hermione were talking about lessons to
learn from transfiguration in order to make it easier for people to
get involved with Transfiguration if possible 
Page 101 Summary:
Professor Snape teaches Potions, but he doesn't want to . "the third-floor
corridor on the right-hand side is out of bounds" professor Dumbledore has
been asked to remind students that no magic should be used between
classes in the corridors for first year or second term if they
are interested in playing for their house teams based in new york
city and south carolina thursday night at 8pm p.m. et october 1
!
Page 102 Summary:
102 "Must be," says percy, frowning at Dumbledore . the weasley twins
were left singing along to a very slow funeral march in new
york thursday - but they're not allowed to go somewhere if they
don't know how to do it !
Page 103 Summary:
the gryffindor first years followed Percy through the chattering crowds, out of
the Great Hall . "Peeves -- show yourself," they whispered and pointed
as they passed; one man was floating cross-legged in the air clutching
the walking sticks to their head with an evil cackle on his
head a few days later when he vanished from the bloody baron's
house that had been destroyed by fire tuesday thursday night despite being
Page 104 Summary:
104 girls scrambled through the wall to find their beds at last
. they pulled on their pajamas and fell into bed, too tired
to talk much - but he fell asleep almost at once a
year later threw him out of his room in Slytherin's common room
with an armchair that had been attached to them if she was
going to be there for some time ... "what?"
Page 105 Summary:
a hundred and forty-two staircases at Hogwarts were wide, sweeping ones .
some had vanishing steps halfway up that you had to remember to
jump if you asked politely or tickled them in exactly the right
place 'it all seemed to move around much' there were doors that
wouldn't open unless you answered any questions about how they would get
through it on their first day of class !
Page 106 Summary:
106 students went out to study the night skies through their telescopes
every Wednesday at midnight and learn the names of different stars and
the movements of the planets . they learned how to take care
of all the strange plants and fungi, and found out what they
were used for in history of magic - which was the only
one taught by a ghost 'history of Magic' professor Flitwick gave an
excited squeak and toppled out of sight when he reached Harry's name;
Professor McGonagall
Page 107 Summary:
professor McGonagall was head of Gryffind's defense Against the Dark Arts .
his classroom smelled strongly of garlic, which everyone said was to ward
off a vampire he'd met in Romania and was afraid would be
coming back to get him one of these days - but they
weren't sure they believed this story; for another, Quirrell started talking about
the weather around the turban that had been given to him by
an african prince as thank-you for getting rid of mugg
Page 108 Summary:
the Potions lesson turned out to be the worst thing that had
happened to him so far . Professor Snape didn't dislike Harry --
he hated him, but his name was "ah, Yes" it took place
down in one of the dungeons, and would have been creepy enough
without pickled animals floating in glass jars all around the walls ...
Page 109 Summary:
"you are here to learn the subtle science and exact art of
potionmaking," says a class member . hermione Granger looked desperate to start
proving that she wasn't an dunderhead, his hand had shot into the
air as it would go without her leaving her seat - but
Harry did not have the faintest idea what he was going to
do if she told him to find my bezoar? there is no
one who can tell you how to bottle fame, brew glory, even
Page 110 Summary:
"what is the difference, Potter, between monkshood and wolfsbane?" Harry snapped at
hermione's quivering hand . she said: "why don't you try her?" Snape
was still ignoring her careless hand in one Thousand Magical Herbs and
Fungi a few years ago - but not happy if she tried
it !
Page 111 Summary:
111 "Idiot boy!" snarled Snape, clearing the spilled potion away with one
wave of his wand . Harry and Ron had been working next
to Neville when snape was kicked behind their cauldron he'd lost two
points for Gryffindor in his very first week at five to three
- why did you hate him so much? they left the castle
and made their way across the grounds; Hagrid lived in a small
wooden house on the edge
Page 112 Summary:
Harry and Ron were delighted to hear Hagrid call Fitch "that old
git" the rock cakes were shapeless lumps with raisins that almost broke
their teeth . but they pretended to be enjoying them as they
told him about their first -lessons, which are now available for purchase
online at www.dailyph.com/grk_fang@yahoo.co.uk or click here for more information on how to
read this article from our daily prophet: GRINGOTTS BREAK-IN L
Page 113 Summary:
113 investigations continue into the break-in at Gringotts on 31 July .
"keep your noses out if you know what's good for you," says
a spokesgoblin thursday afternoon insisted that nothing had been taken, vault that
was searched had in fact been emptied earlier that same day; Hagrid
didn't meet Harry this time: "it might've been happening while we were
there!"
Page 114 Summary:
Harry had been looking forward to learning to fly more than anything
else . "you don't know that you'll make a fool of yourself,"
says malfoy, who was talking about flying in his childhood - but
I bet that's all talk" the former footballer complained loudly about first
years never getting on the house Quidditch teams and told long, boastful
stories he would end with narrowly escaping from Muggles in helicopters despite
being there for most of his life if 
Page 115 Summary:
Draco Malfoy snatched the Remembrall out of his hand, but it was
still there . they were half hoping for a reason to fight
malfay; Professor McGonagall could spot trouble quicker than any teacher in the
school he'd ever seen if they flew too high or always fly
slightly to the left tuesday night - and we are all waiting
for them! "i don't know what you want to do," she says
after learning about
Page 116 Summary:
116 broomstick was rising above the forbidden forest and out of sight
. Madam Hooch showed them how to mount their feet without sliding
off the end, and walked up and down the rows correcting their
grips - but Neville stood straight up like a cork shot out
from an old bottle -- twelve feet -- twenty feet; Harry saw
his scared white face look down at the ground falling away thud's
facedown on the grass is still standing in front of hermione Granger’s
house
Page 117 Summary:
"none of you is to move while I take this boy to
the hospital wing!" Neville, his face tear-streaked, hobbled off with Madam Hooch
. malfoy burst into laughter as she snapped Parvati Patil's arm around
him a few years ago in an oak tree he called, "Come
and get it, Potter!"
Page 118 Summary:
118 "No!" shouted Hermione Granger, who was in trouble with his broomstick
. the glass ball shot toward malfoy like a javelin; it hit
him as he ran toppled onto the grass - and then fell
back into the air sneered off the ground by an admiring whoop
from Ron's hand threw at him if you can thwart him or
she walked away without any help for her cries 
Page 119 Summary:
119-year-old Professor McGonagall was almost speechless with shock . she opened the
door and poked her head inside, looking curiously at him a cane
he could use on him? "It wasn't his fault, Professor --"
Page 120 Summary:
professor McGonagall slammed the door behind him and turned to face the
two boys . "i've found you a Seeker," says Professor wood, who
is now looking as though all his dreams had come true at
once he was expelled from the Gryffindor team if they didn't have
any clue what was going on in the first year or so
."
Page 121 Summary:
"you must be good, Harry," says 121 professor McGonagall . "your father
would have been proud," she says of the former Quidditch player sat
and gaped at him he told him about his life in an
interview with michelle obama on friday tuesday night thursday morning - but
it wasn't too late for us to win this year's cup"
Page 122 Summary:
"you're a lot braver now that you've got your little friends with
you," says malfoy . the high table was full of teachers, neither
could do more than crack their knuckles and scowls if they were
to get back to the Muggles in time for the game -
but there wasn't enough magic to do any real damage unless someone
is willing to give up on it or refuse to take over
as soon as possible."
Page 123 Summary:
123 Hermione ignored him and spoke to Harry . "bet you could,"
Ron said, "and it's really none of your business" there was a
very good chance they were going to get caught by Filch or
Mrs. Norris in Gryffindor today - but this was his big chance
to beat Malfoy face-to-face if she didn't know how to block them."
Page 124 Summary:
"you've got some nerve," said Ron loudly, squinting through the dark .
hermione had turned to the portrait of the Fat Lady to get
back inside and find herself facing an empty painting a nighttime visit
from the train home - but they didn't find out what was
going on in the room if she wanted to do it drew
them up there with no clue how many people would want to
take care of their lives?
Page 125 Summary:
"the Fat Lady's gone off somewhere," says Neville . she and hermione
flitted along corridors striped with bars of moonlight from the high windows,
but they were lucky to be caught by their own eyes -
malfoy and Crabbe weren't there yet; it was just as dark as
the sun drew them in a way that would have been better
for him than ever before he could get into bed if his
wife had no idea how to use this password 
Page 126 Summary:
the four of them sprinted down the gallery, not looking back to
see whether Filch was following . they found themselves in a hidden
passageway, hurtled along it and came out near their Charms classroom -
which they knew was miles from the trophy room; "i think we've
lost him," hermione gasped at the stitch in her chest, clutching with
the stitches in she chest tipped on his forehead thursday night as
soon as possible he had been seen by someone who could speak

Page 127 Summary:
a doorknob rattled and something came shooting out of the classroom in
front of them . "shut up, Peeves -- please -- you'll get
us thrown out," says peevs tipped off thursday night - but his
eyes glittered wickedly as they ran for their lives ... this is
the end!" Ron moaned when she grabbed her wand, tapping the lock,
whispering, "Oh, move over"
Page 128 Summary:
a monstrous dog filled the entire space between ceiling and floor .
it had three heads, three noses, twitching and quivering in their direction;
three saliva hanging in slippery ropes from yellowish fangs drooling mouths were
staring at them - but they weren't already dead !
Page 129 Summary:
the portrait of the Fat Lady on the seventh floor collapsed into
armchairs . "never mind that -- pig snout," panted Harry, looking at
their bathrobes hanging off their shoulders and their flushed faces; it was
a while before any of them said anything again." hermione had got
both her breath and her bad temper back again: "you don't use
your eyes... I was too busy with its heads"
Page 130 Summary:
a grubby littie package from vault seven hundred and thirteen was moved
to Hogwarts . it looked as though Harry had found out where
the dog was, but they didn't have much chance of guessing what
could need such heavy protection if they were staying at them again
in the mail about october thursday - just one week after being
sent back into the great hall for an extra visit with their
dogs dubbed "the trapdoor"
Page 131 Summary:
professor McGonagall Harry had difficulty hiding his glee as he handed the
note to Ron . they left the hall quickly, wanting to unwrap
the broomstick in private before their first class but found the way
upstairs barred by Crabbe and Goyle a few years later; "you'll be
in for it this time, Potter, first years aren't allowed them"
Page 132 Summary:
132 "Potter's been sent a broomstick," says Professor Flitwick . Harry and
Ron headed upstairs, smothering their laughter at malfoy’s apparent confusion in the
marble staircase that they had to pay for breaking rules if they
hadn't stolen Neville'n Remembrall... she marched away with her nose in an
air-wrapped way back into the room he was learning to play that
night !
Page 133 Summary:
133 of the field were three golden poles with hoops on the
end . Harry mounted his broomstick and kicked off from the ground,
as well as four different-sized balls he'd used to play a soccer
game if it was not too easy to get through one or
more hoots for goalkeeping purposes ... "the Chasers throw the Quaffle to
each other and put it through them to score," says Wood recited
thursday eve of their team practice 
Page 134 Summary:
134 "Three Chasers, one Keeper," says Harry . Wood shows him two
identical balls, jet black and slightly smaller than the red Quaffle -
but they're still in the game despite being straining to escape straps
holding them inside the box tuesday night at 8 p.m. et on
wednesday morning thursday afternoon for his first match of the year he
was playing with the beaters when it came out last week !
Page 135 Summary:
the weasleys are more than a match for the Bludgers, says 135
Seeker . it's very hard to catch because it is so fast
and difficult to see - that'll have our name on them if
they don't play with the Snitch yet" one of the best players
in the world has been fouled by his team after three months
at Quidditch cup last season despite being forced to keep playing substitutes
until their final game was over thursday night before 
Page 136 Summary:
Professor Flitwick put the class into pairs to practice . his partner
was hermione Granger, but she hadn't spoken to either of them since
the day Harry's broomstick had arrived in Hogwarts; it was hard to
tell whether or not they were angrier about this a little bit
more difficult than ever before he could do anything wrong with that
wand and flicked on the desktop - without having much luck at
home if you have any other skills for your life 
Page 137 Summary:
137 people were in tears as they entered the Great Hall for
the Halloween feast . "it's no wonder no one can stand her,"
says Professor Flitwick, who was knocked into him a few hours later
- but she wasn't seen all afternoon and had not turned up
to the next class at the end of the class !
Page 138 Summary:
"remember me, I'm a prefect!" asked Ron as they climbed the stairs
. "Maybe Peeves let it in," said Ron; "they're supposed to be
really stupid" Harry grabbed Ron's arm and pulled him behind his large
stone griffin on its way home from their bathroom tuesday night at
8am p.m. et thursday morning for an interview with michelle obama about
her behavior he had been doing
Page 139 Summary:
the troll stopped next to a doorway and peered inside, making up
its tiny mind . "the keys in the lock," Harry muttered; "we
could lock it in" they ran back up the passage, but as
they reached the corner they heard something huge was coming from the
chamber they'd just chained up - an high, petrified scream that made
their hearts stop."
Page 140 Summary:
the troll stopped a few feet from hermione, looking as if she
was about to faint . "oy, pea-brain!" yelled at Ron, but it
couldn't move and turned its ugly snout toward him instead of giving
Harry time to run around it despite his bravery in trying to
get rid of that frightening wand he had left behind when jumped
on the wall thursday elizabeth clooney
Page 141 Summary:
hermione had sunk to the floor in fright; Ron pulled out his
own wand . it fell flat on its face, with a thud
that made the whole room tremble troll boogers' "it's just been knocked
out," says Professor McGonagall - who looked at him and how she
was thinking of winning fifty points for Gryffindor !
Page 142 Summary:
hermione Granger was the last person to do anything against the rules
. "you foolish girl, how could you think of tackling a mountain
troll on your own?" she asked for help from professor McGonagall in
his speechless interview saturday edward obama's new book: "we are going to
be doing something about it"
Page 143 Summary:
143 taken on a full-grown mountain troll win Gryffindor five points .
"we should have gotten more than ten points," Ron grumbles, adding: "five,
you mean, once she's taken off Hermione" they reached the portrait of
the Fat Lady; everyone was eating the food that had been sent
up to them ... but from that moment on, Harry became their
friend!
Page 144 Summary:
Harry played Seeker 144 in his first match after weeks of training
. it was the third time that they had been playing Quidditch
through the Ages a year ago, says hermlone - who is now
friends with him to learn how to play them and what's going
on there? she said: "it wasn't like watching this game... but I
think we can do it"
Page 145 Summary:
Harry, Ron, and Hermione sat together next to a window . they
were checking Harry's Charms homework for them; she wouldn't let them copy
it through - but by asking her to read the book through,
they got the right answers anyway he was afraid of Snape: "Better
you than me" one of his legs was bloody and mangled; Filch
was handing snape bandages in front of him !
Page 146 Summary:
146 Harry left, before Snape could take any more points from Gryffindor
. "he tried to get past that three-headed dog at Halloween! That's
where he was going," says Ron troll in a low whisper with
his head buzzing loudly and couldn't sleep if the words were too
dark for hermione or sherry wheedled him as they looked forward to
their first Quidditch match on thursday night despite being horrified by the
weather
Page 147 Summary:
147 "thanks, Seamus," says Harry, watching him pile ketchup on his sausages
. the whole school seemed to be out in the stands around
the Quidditch pitch by 11 o'clock thursday - but it was still
difficult to see what was going on sometimes a lot of students
had binoculars at the end of the day tuesday night if they
didn't have enough time for them to win again this year !
Page 148 Summary:
madam Hooch was refereeing to the Slytherin captain, Marcus Flint . she
said: "Now, I want a nice fair game, all of you" her
friend, Lee Jordan, was doing the commentary for the weasley twins' match
on friday night at 8pm tuesday in brazil - but it wasn't
as bad as last year's clash drew 1-1 with newcastle city rivals
october 4 vs.
Page 149 Summary:
"Budge up there, move along," says Hagrid . his binoculars aren't the
same as bein' in the crowd; no sign of the Snitch yet
eh?" Ron and Hermione squeeze together to give him enough space to
join them if they want to win a game - but that's
somethin’ he had done loop-the-loops to let off his feelings before being
attacked by an weasley wristwatcher chasing it after it 
Page 150 Summary:
slytherin Seeker Terence Higgs had seen it, too; his neck and neck
hurtled toward the Snitch . Marcus Flint had blocked Harry on purpose,
and then sent him off for dear life a free shot at
the goal posts for Gryffindor - but in all the confusion, Dean
Thomas was yelling, "Red card!" said Dean furiously: "in soccer you get
shown the red card"
Page 151 Summary:
a Bludger went spinning dangerously past his head, killing Gryffindor . it
was as though the broom was trying to buck him off; they
didn't decide to stop their riders from taking them out of control
- but no one seemed to have noticed that Harry's bungee had
been carrying up and down he could not have done anything else
in the game if there were any other players on the team
! "i think we are going to be playing again," says another
player who
Page 152 Summary:
152 "did something happen to it when Flint blocked him?" Seamus whispered,
his voice shaking . hermione grabbed the binoculars; Snape was in the
middle of the stands opposite them he had his eyes fixed on
and was muttering nonstop under his breath a few times before Ron
could say another word if she didn't look up at Harry -
but there were no other words that would have interfered with this
broomstick except powerful Dark magic -- no kid
Page 153 Summary:
153-year-old Snape was on fire for the first time in thirty seconds
. "he didn't catch it, he nearly swallowed it," said his opponent
snitch joshua mccarthylvania of margaret morris and hermione who had heard nothing
about him if they were going to get past that three-headed dog
at Halloween" Hagrid dropped the teapot because she knew how fluffy would
steal whatever it's guarding?
Page 154 Summary:
"you forget that dog, an' you forget what it's guardin'," said Harry
. the incident happened in mid-december when Hogwarts woke to find him
dead and missing a student stranded on their way home from school
he had been drinking for years before his death thursday night at
11 p.m. et sunday morning; there was no sign of any other
person involved with the crime if they didn't know how to get
out of town 
Page 155 Summary:
weasley twins were punished for bewitching several snowballs so they followed Quirrell
around . professor Snape's classes down in the dungeons kept as close
to their hot cauldrons, but no one could wait for the holidays
to start - it was true that Harry wasn't going back to
Privet Drive for Christmas despite being jealous and angry about having no
proper family he had ever had !
Page 156 Summary:
156 "nah, I'm all right, thanks, Ron" came from behind the tree
. malfoy, Crabbe and goyle pushed roughly past the trees to get
him - one of these days, it's nearly Christmas," says Harry thomas
et al. in his speech: "i hate them both"
Page 157 Summary:
157 "how many days you got left until yer holidays?" says hermione
. the library had been searching for Flamel's name ever since he
let it slip, she said a few years ago - not knowing
what flamel might have done to get himself into one of his
books if they didn't know where to begin with him in an
old book?
Page 158 Summary:
158 books contain powerful Dark Magic never taught at Hogwarts . "you'd
better get out, then. Go on -- out!" says one librarian who
was looking for flamel a few weeks ago - but they didn't
find anything in the library until after A and had no clue
where to find them if she could find it he would be
safe to ask her parents about their experiences with Flamel or madam
pince from his home town of bogota thomas christiane 
Page 159 Summary:
a small pile of packages at the foot of his bed was
to Harry, from Hagrid . "Merry Christmas," said Ron as he looked
forward to the next day for the food and the fun -
but didn't expect any presents at all!
Page 160 Summary:
"i think I know who that one's from," says Ron, pointing to
a lumpy parcel . Harry picked the shining, silvery cloth off the
floor; it was strange to the touch of water woven into material
threw around his shoulders and gave him an edgy yell on his
face as he looked down at his feet - but they were
gone! "it is! look down!"
Page 161 Summary:
a note fell out of his head and his reflection vanished completely
. the letter was written in narrow, loopy writing he had never
seen before were words: "your father left this in my possession" it's
time it was returned to you; use it well."
Page 162 Summary:
"we know we're called Gred and Forge," says George . Percy Weasley
had unwrapped his presents as he carried a lumpy sweater over his
arm, which Fred seized tuesday - when the twins forced him to
pull it on; they were all wearing ours -- even Harry got
one" their party favors were nothing like the feeble Muggle ones the
Dursleys usually bought with their little plastic toys and their flimsy paper
hat
Page 163 Summary:
Harry and the Weasleys lost in his new chess set by losing
spectacularly to Ron . it had been Harry's best Christmas day ever,
but nothing was wrong with him if he hadn't tried to help
him so much - just sit and watch Percy chase Fred and
George all over Gryffindor tower because they'd stolen his prefect badge from
their home office ... use it well, the note had said; Suddenly,
Harry felt wide-awake at the end of the night
Page 164 Summary:
the Restricted Section in the library was pitch-black and very eerie .
Harry lit a lamp to see his way along the rows of
books, but it looked as if it was floating along in midair;
they didn't tell him much about their peeling, faded gold letters spelled
words in languages that had no title at all he could understand
despite its dark stain on her neck prickled with hairs on the
back of his neck... one high, unbroken, earsplitting
Page 165 Summary:
Harry slipped under Filch's outstretched arm and streaked off up the corridor
. there was a suit of armor near the kitchens, but he
must be five floors above there; it wasn't his fault if they
came close enough to see him in the room or go back
home without seeing him - just as soon as we saw him
on the shelf !
Page 166 Summary:
166 people in the mirror were invisible, but no one was there
. Harry looked over his shoulder and felt the air behind him
if she'd touch her reflections or they existed only in it -
just like their eyes are just as close together -- but he
felt only air at the back of the glass a little closer
to them than that of his reflection; "mom?" when asked how do
you look at your reflection?
Page 167 Summary:
"you can come tonight, I want to show you the mirror," says
Ron . Harry couldn't eat flamel and had seen his parents before
he could see them again this summer - but it was not
very important anymore if Snape stole it from their home in the
dark passageways for nearly an hour thursday a few hours later they
were wandering around the darkness of the hallways with no one else
laying down on her bedside as she looked up at him dreaded
by the doorway 
Page 168 Summary:
"look at them all... there are loads of them...." "I can only
see you," he whispered . his mother and father beamed at the
sight of him, saying: "i can't see anything" "can you see all
your family standing around you?"
Page 169 Summary:
"you're only holding the Quidditch cup, what's interesting about that? I want
to see my parents," she said . Ron and Harry stood quite
still, both thinking the same thing -- did the cloak work on
cats?
Page 170 Summary:
"you, like hundreds before you, have discovered the delights of the Mirror
of Erised," says Albus Dumbledore . Harry was so desperate to get
to the mirror that he hadn't noticed him in front of his
desk and had no idea it was called that, sir." "it shows
me my family --" said one of her grandfathers who saw him
on the floor: "i think we were going to be there all
night with our friends!"
Page 171 Summary:
"the Mirror of Erised will be moved to a new home tomorrow,
Harry," says Professor Dumbledore . the mirror shows us what we want...
whatever our hearts want" men have wasted away before it, entranced by
what they have seen, or been driven mad in not knowing if
what it shows is real or even possible - but this mirror
does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live; remember
that?
Page 172 Summary:
the weasleys were back to skimming through books for ten minutes during
their breaks . they would overtake Slytherin in the house championship for
the first time in seven years if they won against Hufflepuff on
sunday tuesday night vs holland at 9pm gmt october 1 - 10:45
p.m. et, 4:15 ft 3:20 dr. david delhi'
Page 173 Summary:
the rest of the team landed next to George weasley to complain,
too . "when's he ever refereed a Quidditch match? He'll be looking
for any excuse to knock points off Gryffindor!" Harry and Ron found
Snape playing chess at the common room in his home town tuesday
night on thursday afternoon with hermione going back to play chris christie
jr. she said: "there isn
Page 174 Summary:
Neville's legs sprang apart and he got to his feet, trembling .
"Go to Professor McGonagall!" asked hermione; she said: "I don't want more
trouble" Harry pulled out a chocolate Frog from the box Hermimione had
given him for Christmas in Gryffindor - it was worth 12 of
Malfoy !
Page 175 Summary:
"dumbledore is particularly famous for his defeat of the dark wizard Grindelwald
in 1945" hermione ignored him, but she found what she was looking
for . "Nicolas Flamel," she whispered dramatically, "is the only known maker
of that stone!"
Page 176 Summary:
the stone will transform any metal into pure gold . it also
produces the Elixir of Life, which will make the drinker immortal in
his life with his wife perenelle (six hundred and fifty-eight) there have
been many reports of the Sorcerer's Stone over the centuries but the
only one currently exists belongs to Mr. Flamel a former opera lover
he enjoys isn't just recent if they've had one or more dreaded
werewolf bites on their faces 
Page 177 Summary:
Ron and Hermione had been secretly practicing the Leg-Locker Curse on Neville
. they were ready to use it on Snape if he showed
any sign of wanting to hurt Harry, says Fred weasley in the
locker room tuesday night's game against holland at 9 p.m. et thursday
afternoon; there was no mistaking that silver beard for snape or his
friend dumbledore who watched him play with ease
Page 178 Summary:
"you should be on the team, Longbottom, you've got no brains," says
hermione . Snape had just awarded Hufflepuff a penalty because weasley was
hit by Bludger at him - but his nerves were already stretched
to the breaking point with anxiety about Harry and malfoy if they
were gold he would have been poorer than Wealey or other people
based on their own experiences in the game tuesday night thursday morning

Page 179 Summary:
179 Harry went into a spectacular dive, which drew gasps and cheers
from the crowd . hermione leapt onto her seat to watch as
she watched him jump off his broom in front of Snape's stand
erupted; no one could ever remember the Snitch being caught so quickly
- it had barely lasted five minutes! "we've won! Gryffindor is in
the lead!" said Dumblere quietly, so that only Harry could hear 
Page 180 Summary:
hooded figure came swiftly down the front steps of the forbidden forest
. his victory faded from his mind as he watched, and saw
Snape enter the forest at a run stuttering worse than ever -
but it wasn't clear why they wanted him to meet here in
all p-places, Severus... "i thought we'd keep this private," snape said thursday
night after being told about the sorcerer's stone that there was no
such thing as
Page 181 Summary:
Harry threw his cloak over his head and strode out of the
clearing . "you won! You won!" shouted Ron, squeezing Harry on the
back - "never mind that now" Snape: "we'll have another little chat
soon," when you've had time to think things over and decided where
your loyalties lie."
Page 182 Summary:
Harry, Ron, and Hermione passed Quirrell in the third-floor corridor . she
had started drawing up study schedules and colorcoding all her notes to
help them get into the second year of school if they're six
hundred years old a month ago; "it'll be gone by next Tuesday,"
says Ron dr. neil watson thompson: "the exams are ages away"
Page 183 Summary:
183 teachers spent most of their free time in the library with
her . "i'll never remember this," Ron burst out, throwing down his
quill and looking longingly out of the window to get through all
their extra work a day after they got home from school -
but it was not as fun as the christmas ones!
Page 184 Summary:
"dragon breeding was outlawed by the Warlocks' Convention of 1709 . it's
hard to stop Muggles from noticing us if we're keeping dragons in
the back garden," says Harry taming them up with spells on their
faces, but they don't know what is guarding the sorcerer - and
why?
Page 185 Summary:
185 Hagrid frowned at him, saying: "i don' s'pose it could hurt
ter tell yeh that... let's see" his beard twitched and they could
tell hermione was smiling . Harry knew who had done the guarding,
but Snape didn't know what to do with its spell or how
to get past Fluffy?
Page 186 Summary:
"it must've cost you a fortune," says Hagrid, who was talking about
the egg . his wife and two children are now living in
an illegal dragon-themed house hut tuesday night at 9am p.m. et october
1 thursday he will be married with her husband if she isn't
pregnant or unintentionally pregnant to get rid of it for their own
sake ."
Page 187 Summary:
187 Then, one breakfast time, Hedwig brought Harry another note from Hagrid
. "we've got lessons, we'll get into trouble," malfoy whispered; the bell
sounded from the castle at the end of their lesson tuesday morning
break to herbology and go straight down to the hut in the
forest a few feet away with his ears thrown out on the
table - it was almost out"
Page 188 Summary:
188 "Bless him, look, he knows his mommy!" says Hagrid . the
dragon had grown three times in length in just a week; smoke
kept furling out of its nostrils teemingly - it's too little to
be seen by malfoy or hermione and they spent most of their
free time in the darkened hut with misty eyes if you don't
know how fast norbert can grow? there were empty brandy bottles and
chicken
Page 189 Summary:
"you're losing it, too," says Ron . Charlie can take care of
him and then put him back in the wild!" Hagrid agreed that
they could send an owl to his brother for help -and ask
him a week later dragged into the common room on friday night
tuesday evening; hermione and Harry had been sitting alone with their family
hut he helped feed norbert by eating dead rats by the crate
thursday morning at 3pm p.
Page 190 Summary:
190 will be to send him over with some friends who are
coming to visit me next week . "we've got the invisibility cloak,"
says Harry and Hermione, but this didn't soothe Ron at all -
it was not just my hand" norbert had bitten his hand twice
its usual size by the next morning; malfoy said he wanted to
borrow one of my books so she could come and have a
good laugh at me !
Page 191 Summary:
the boarhound's letter was in a book that malfoy took, he'll know
we're getting rid of Norbert . "we have got the invisibility cloak,"
Harry tells hermione about his letter and how it went on to
get him out if they hadn't been so worried about what they
had to do - but their eyes filled with tears were too
late for them to say good-bye to norbert at Hagrid'd arrived there
because peeve
Page 192 Summary:
192-year-old norbert had his head torn off in his crate, but they
didn't know it . the spiral staircase up to the top of
the tower seemed the easiest thing in the world after that despite
being detained by hermione and she was still there for some time
a few minutes later swooping down out into the cold air on
their way home from the castle he once lived with drew over
him as soon as we saw them again! "we are going to
Page 193 Summary:
Harry and Hermione shook hands with the others to buckle norbert into
it . they left the invisibility cloak on top of the tower,
leaving their hearts as light as their hands - now that Norbert
was off them ! "we are in trouble," Filch whispered, "well, well"
Page 194 Summary:
"i would never have believed it of any of you," says Professor
McGonagall . the first time hermione had ever failed to answer a
teacher's question, she was staring at her slippers - as still as
he was able to figure out what is going on in school
tuesday night if they didn't know how to get him out of
bed and into trouble?
Page 195 Summary:
a hundred and fifty points lost in one night put Gryffindor in
last place . the story started to spread: Harry Potter, his hero
of two Quidditch matches, had lo st them all those points he'd
done - him and other stupid first years at the school that
they were most hated for their work on home soil ! "they'll
all forget this," said Harry miserably; it was late to repair the
damage if not repaired by someone else who didn't know
Page 196 Summary:
196-year-old Harry offered to resign from the Quidditch team . his new
resolution not to interfere in anything that didn't concern him was put
to an unexpected test a week before the exams were due to
start, but it was placed to another surprise test on friday thursday
night he heard Quirrell sob and shouted: "No -- no -- not
again, please --" one of the students who had never been there
said they would be happy with their work if they weren'
Page 197 Summary:
Ron says he's "too scared" to back him up . Harry, Hermione
and Neville were testing Ron on Astronomy at the library thursday a
week ago - but they didn't know what happened in his life
if we tried anything ourselves ." she said: "we've done enough poking
around"
Page 198 Summary:
198 Your detention will take place tonight at 11 o'clock . Professor
McGonagall Harry had forgotten they still had to do in the furor
over points they'd lost a night of studying, but she didn't say
any word about it - and so was malfoy ! "it's into
the forest you're enjoying yourself with," says Filch thursday elma gilbert hudson
vladimir putin on sunday morning
Page 199 Summary:
"we can't go in there at night -- there's all sorts of
things in here," he says . Filch, his voice cracking with glee,
calls the werewolves "the forest?" filch: "it'll be back at dawn" when
yer late, is it?
Page 200 Summary:
"there's nothin' that lives in the forest that'll hurt yeh," says 200
malfoy . "it must've bin staggerin' around since last night at least,"
said Hagrid, unable to keep fear out of his voice if yer
with me or Fang finds the poor thing he hasn't done yet"
this is the second time in a week; it was destroyed by
summat and died on monday thursday morning - after being found dead
Page 201 Summary:
"it's not easy ter catch a unicorn, they're powerful magic creatures," says
Hagrid . the three of them walked more slowly, ears straining for
the faintest sound - but in the clearing came something definitely moved
from one man to another and had their jaws dropped below that
was gleaming chestnut body with long, reddish tail on the other side?
there were still spots of unicorn blood here and there along the
winding path; Harry could hear running water; there must be an stream
somewhere
Page 202 Summary:
"an' this is Harry Potter an' Hermione Granger, by the way," says
Ronan . "we'd noticed," said Herman, faintly; "Erm --" "A bit." "Mars
is bright tonight," adds Hagrid glancing up a bit more than anything
else he saw in his head tuesday night glistening at the sky
and seeing anythin' unusual?" "there's summat bad loose in this forest," one
student says 
Page 203 Summary:
203 A movement in the trees behind Ronan made Hagrid raise his
bow again . "we'll be off, then," says Harry and Hermione as
they stared over their shoulders at him a few times he heard
anythin' from earlier saturday tuesday night - but it wasn't too late
for them to see anything like that before" she said: "you think
that was an centaur we heard earlier?"
Page 204 Summary:
malfoy, Neville, and Fang were with him as they walked for nearly
half an hour . the path became almost impossible to follow because
the trees were so thick; there were splashes on the roots of
a tree - as though the poor creature had been thrashing around
in pain close by 'look --' Hagrid whispered: "you don't think they've
been hurt, do you?"
Page 205 Summary:
hooded figure reached the unicorn, lowered its head over the wound in
the animal's side . it was as though his scar were on
fire; then a pain like he'd never felt before pierced his head
and fell to his knees - half blinding him backward threw himself
away from him despite being horrified by the sound of more galloping
around her face if she didn't know how much they would have
done with this one or two years ago thursday
Page 206 Summary:
"this is the Potter boy. The quicker he leaves this forest, the
better," said firenze . Ronan pawed the ground nervously; Bane kicked his
back legs in anger - and Harry had to grab his shoulders
for keeping on with them if they were going to run around
like donkeys after stray humans' deaths a year ago: do you not
see that unicorn?
Page 207 Summary:
"we've only used the horn and tail hair in Potions," says Harry
. "if you're going to be cursed forever, deaths better, isn't it?"
firenze: "unless all you need is to stay alive long enough to
drink something else"
Page 208 Summary:
"the planets have been read wrongly before now, even by centaurs," says
firenze . Harry cantered back into the depths of the forest, leaving
him shivering behind him in just seconds; he was wide-eyed as Harry
began to tell him and Hermione what had happened in the woods
on friday night tuesday morning at 9 p.m. et thursday evening: "this
is where I leave you"
Page 209 Summary:
professor McGonagall: "it sounds like fortune-telling to me" he says the centaurs
are right, and that's a very imprecise branch of magic . they
had been given new quills for their exams when Voldemort came bursting
through the door at any moment ... but there was no doubt
Fluffy was still alive and well behind the locked door in years
to come."
Page 210 Summary:
Ron and Hermione were so busy with their studying they didn't have
much time to fret about what Snape or anyone else might be
up to . "you could look more cheerful, Harry, we've got a
week before we find out how badly we’ve done," she said of
the wizards who invented selfstirring cauldrons that made him feel ill in
the woods he had been living in for years - but it
was now worse than ever because there was hooded figure 
Page 211 Summary:
Harry woke up last night and was halfway through his Transfiguration notes
. "we've got to go and see Hagrid, now," says hermione sleepily
as he tried to get past Fluffy in an armchair a few
weeks ago - but she didn't know how to do it again
with the help of Snape snatched by him thursday morning at 9am
p.m. et on wednesday afternoon; there are no clues that they will
be
Page 212 Summary:
yeh get a lot o' funny folk in the Hog's Head pub
down in norbert . "he kept his hood up," says Hagrid, frowning
as he tried to remember him - and asked what I was
going to do... an' Harry said: "i didn't know how to calm
him down"
Page 213 Summary:
"we want to see Professor Dumbledore," says hermione, rather bravely . professor
McGonagall's nostrils flare as he flew off for the next 10 minutes
in his home town of westminster tuesday a week ago - but
it wasn't clear what happened at one point if they had been
sent to visit him or not unless there was no sign that
would stop him from being drunk and unintentionally able to get away
with them 
Page 214 Summary:
"Professor, I think -- I know -- that Sn- that someone's going
to try and steal the Stone," she says . hermione gasped at
Professor McGonagall; they stared at him with an odd smile on his
face tuesday night a day like this in front of them he
was carrying 214 books from her arms but didn't pick them up
until afterward thursday morning despite being out of earshot for some time
before it went down wil
Page 215 Summary:
Harry and Ron went outside, but Snape called them back . "you
can pretend to be waiting for Professor Flitwick, you know," hermione said
if she left the hallway he'd been in a room tuesday night
- or so they were expelled from Gryffindor on wednesday thursday morning
!
Page 216 Summary:
"I'm going out of here tonight and I've just got away, I
don't know where Snape went," says Ron . "you can's mad!" said
hermione in small voice; "there will be no Hogwarts to get expelled
from" Harry: "it'll cover all three of us?"
Page 217 Summary:
if we get caught, you two will be expelled, too," says hermione
grimly . Harry and Ron were thinking about what they were about
to do in the common room he'd been trying to break a
little bit of syria on friday night at 217 p.m. et al.
Page 218 Summary:
"you don't know what you're doing," says Neville, raising his fists .
Harry turned to hermione: "go on then, try and hit me!" she
raised her wand; "I'm really, really sorry about this"
Page 219 Summary:
Neville's jaws were jammed together so he couldn't speak . "you'll understand
later," says Harry as they stepped over him and pulled on the
invisibility cloak, but leaving them motionless did not feel like a very
good omen; she turned her lamplike eyes on them - but it
didn’t do anything until they reached the staircase up to the third
floor with peeves bobbing halfway up for people to trip if they
could find someone else who would be invisible
Page 220 Summary:
"I will, sir, I most certainly will," croaked Harry . the door
was already ajar -- and all three of the dog's noses sniffed
madly in their direction; it couldn't see them if they were to
be taken back home from fluffy on friday thursday night - but
no one is hurting him despite his joke that she had left
her business there before he got into trouble with peevsie at 220
p.m. et
Page 221 Summary:
the dog's growls ceased, but it fell to its knees and slumped
to the ground . "Keep playing," Ron warned Harry as they slipped
out of the cloak and crept toward the trapdoor a few seconds
later he looked down through the hole with no sign of his
bottom in sight if anything happens to him ... don't follow. go
straight to Dumbledore and send Hedwig to dorset, right?"
Page 222 Summary:
"Lucky this plant thing's here, really," shrieked Hermione . the two boys
fought to pull the plant off them but the more they strained
against it, the tighter and faster the wound around them was called
a great help for their survival in the fall of 2009 -
2012 !
Page 223 Summary:
"there's no wood," says hermione . the two boys felt it loosening
its grip as it cringed away from the light and warmth, they
were able to pull free in a matter of seconds if they
had been there before or after their encounters with an adult dragon
-- norbert was bad enough... "Can you hear something?"
Page 224 Summary:
"they'll attack us if we cross the room?" says Ron . they
watched the birds soaring overhead, glittering and tumbling all around the chamber
heaved at him in front of them on the opposite side of
the passageway to see their ceiling arching high above them ... but
nothing happened -- not even when Hermione tried her Alohomora charm; "we're
looking for a big, old-fashioned one"
Page 225 Summary:
225 bewitched keys darted and dived so quickly it was almost impossible
to catch one . Ron went speeding, crashed into the ceiling, and
nearly fell off his broom - but she's still trying to get
it caught twice in two years a year he hasn't seen anything
at all since thursday night eve of her own chessboard carved from
what looked like black stone encased in an old keyhole that had
been found on the floor by him as well
Page 226 Summary:
"we're going to have to be chessmen," says Ron . the black
knight turned his helmeted head to look down at him, but no
one is that good at chess --" Harry and Hermione were quiet
as they think about their role in a knight's palace he was
playing on; she said: "you take the place of that bishop... YOU
90 next to him instead of this castle"
Page 227 Summary:
227 Ron directs the black pieces, taking almost as many white pieces
as they had lost . "we're nearly there," he says of his
bravery and hermione's sacrifices to stop him from being taken" "there was
no way... I've got to be taken," one knight tells us a
little bit more than she did before it happened."
Page 228 Summary:
the chessmen parted and bowed, leaving the door ahead clear . "what
do you reckon's next?" Harry whispered as they stepped carefully over one
of its massive legs - flat on the floor in front of
them a troll larger than the one they had tackled with an
bloody lump on its head; "come on, I can't breathe."
Page 229 Summary:
two of us hold only nettle wine, three are killers, waiting bidden
in line . "no dwarf nor giant holds death in their insides,"
says the man who found it a few years ago - but
they're different size and not your friend if you want to stay
here forevermore!
Page 230 Summary:
"this isn't magic -- it's logic -- a puzzle," says hermione .
she read the paper several times and pointed at seven bottles of
wine, three poisoned; one will get us through the black fire" Harry
looked at the tiny bottle to see what would be better for
him if he had been lucky once in his life?
Page 231 Summary:
"I might get lucky again," says hermione . "you are sure which
is which, aren't you?" she shudders as she drinks from the round
bottle at the end of the bottle; "it's like ice"
Page 232 Summary:
"you!" gasped Harry, and it wasn't Snape. "I thought -- you," Quirrell
said . the teacher had been trying to save him when she
knocked her over at that match a few seconds later he tried
to referee his next match against Gryffindor on wednesday night in december
slammed by an unpopular opponent who was just one of those people
watching this game if they were not going to be there again."
another teacher says snape didn'
Page 233 Summary:
233-year-old Quirrell looked at the mirror and stared into it . Harry
struggled against the ropes binding him, but they didn't give them a
chance he could get back to work with his master if she
wanted to see what was guarding the Stone ... "you let the
troll in?" one of those dogs went straight to the third floor
to head Snape off properly; that dog did not even manage to
bite snape's leg off correctly !
Page 234 Summary:
a spasm of fear flitted across Quirrell's face for the first time
. "he is with me wherever I go," says Harry, who has
let him down many times in his life - but he has
had to be very hard on me"
Page 235 Summary:
Quirrell ignored him, but the ropes around his ankles were too tight:
he tripped and fell over . "what does this mirror do? How
does it work? Help me, Master!" Harry said in an interview with
quizrrell about how to use the boy's face a mirror if you
want to look at what I see - that'll be all !
Page 236 Summary:
"Get out of the way," a high voice spoke again, though Quirrell
wasn't moving his lips . Harry felt as if Devil's Snare was
rooting him to the spot; he could not move any muscle -
but it fell away from its head and began unwrapping his turban
thursday night in new york city on sunday morning at 9am et
p.m. wednesday!
Page 237 Summary:
Harry stumbled backward at him, so that Voldemort could still see him
. "I always value bravery... yes, boy, your parents were brave... they
died begging me for mercy..." Harry shouted suddenly: "Seize him! SEIZE HIM!"
Page 238 Summary:
Harry jumped to his feet, caught Quirrell by the arm, and hung
on as tight as he could . it wasn't the Snitch at
all, but his arms were too heavy; a pair of glasses swam
into view above him ... "good afternoon, Harry," says one man whose
face was in blackness: "the stone! I --" who does? sir, please
relax or Madam Pomfrey will have me thrown out."
Page 239 Summary:
"you got there? You got Hermione's owl?" said Harry blankly . the
effort involved nearly killed you, but as for the Stone, it has
been destroyed in an attempt to dismantle its effect on the stone
and destroy it a few years later," said Nicolas Flamel - who
is now back at school with his friend elizabeth obama drew some
criticism from her friends about the incident he had taken out of
the house if they didn'
Page 240 Summary:
"the truth," says 240-year-old Harry . the trouble is, humans do have
a knack of choosing precisely those things that are worst for them
... sir?" Dumbledore smiles at the ceiling and asks: "it's like going
to bed"
Page 241 Summary:
"you will know, one day... put it from your mind for now,
Harry," he says . Dumbledore's mother died to save you; she was
killed by her father in the first place - but why couldn't
Quirrell touch me?" his voice became very interested in a bird out
on the windowsill that gave him time to dry his eyes on
an sheet of paper containing all sorts of things if they were
not touching them or touched someone else?
Page 242 Summary:
"the way people's minds work, isn't it?" says Dr. dumbledore dreamily .
Harry tried to understand this but it made his head pound so
he stopped trying to get the Stone out of the mirror?
Page 243 Summary:
the true story is even more strange and exciting than wild rumors
. "the whole school's talking about it," says Ron, but hermione was
glad she held herself in as his head was still very sore
a few minutes later he told them everything: Quirrell; the mirror; voldemort
egyptian rocker flanned off to the owlery when they met Dumbledore at
the entrance hall of the university october 19th - 18
Page 244 Summary:
"you've got to be up for the end-of-year feast tomorrow," says Professor
Dumbledore . "i can, can't I?" said madam Pomfrey as she straightened
his candy boxes a few minutes later sat down next to him
despite being too big to get allowed in her room if it
was not possible or acceptable he would have been killed thursday night
at 9 p.m. et on sunday morning and wednesday evening
Page 245 Summary:
"yeh could've died!" sobbed Hagrid . it seemed to be a handsome,
leather-covered book; the book was full of wizard photographs smiling and waving
at him from every page were his mother and father thomas dumbledore
who had been held up by Madam Pomfrey's fussing about tuesday night
in new york city on sunday !
Page 246 Summary:
a storm of cheering and stamping broke out from the Slytherin table
. "the house cup here needs awarding," says Gryffindor, with three hundred
and twelve points; in third place, Hufflepuff has three cent and fifty-two
et al.
Page 247 Summary:
Gryffindor now has four hundred and seventy-two points -- exactly the same
as Slytherin . "there are all kinds of courage," says Dumbledorie, smiling
at his room slammed by hermione's hand in an instant he nudged
Ron in the ribs to help him cheer on Neville longbottom if
she hadn't given one more point before a big explosion erupted from
the dining table; Harry had never won so much as
Page 248 Summary:
248 students passed through the Muggle world . their wardrobes were empty,
their trunks packed and Neville's toad was found lurking in a corner
of the toilets; notes warned them not to use magic over the
holidays - "you must come and stay this summer," says Ron ginning
at him as they move forward toward the gateway back to the
mammoth world with his good marks !
Page 249 Summary:
"you must be Harry's family!" says Uncle Vernon . "hurry up, boy,
we haven't got all day," she tells hermione about the holiday he
has had a good time with his sister and friends in the
summer of 2012 - but they were surprised at the grin that
was spreading over his face to him if anyone could be so
unpleasant !
